start
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=down, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=banana, blueberry, blackberry
key=up, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=up, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=cat, caterpillar, cactus
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=a, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=v, self.edit_text=a
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=avocado
key=backspace, self.edit_text=av
self.edit_text=av
suggestions_text=avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=p, self.edit_text=a
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot
key=backspace, self.edit_text=ap
self.edit_text=ap
suggestions_text=apple, apricot
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=backspace, self.edit_text=a
self.edit_text=a
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=backspace, self.edit_text=
self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=up, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=cat, caterpillar, cactus
key=enter, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=down, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=banana, blueberry, blackberry
key=up, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=up, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=cat, caterpillar, cactus
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=a, self.edit_text=
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
key=v, self.edit_text=a
suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
suggestions_text=avocado
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
key=a, self.edit_text=
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
key=p, self.edit_text=a
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot
history_suggestions_text=-
key=backspace, self.edit_text=ap
self.edit_text=ap
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot
history_suggestions_text=-
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
key=v, self.edit_text=a
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
ai_suggestions_text=avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
key=backspace, self.edit_text=av
self.edit_text=av
ai_suggestions_text=avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
key=backspace, self.edit_text=a
self.edit_text=a
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=-
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
key=c, self.edit_text=
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=car0
key=backspace, self.edit_text=c
self.edit_text=c
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=car0
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
key=s, self.edit_text=
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=swag, some
key=o, self.edit_text=s
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=swag, some
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=some
key=backspace, self.edit_text=so
self.edit_text=so
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=some
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=swag, some
key=backspace, self.edit_text=s
self.edit_text=s
ai_suggestions_text=-
history_suggestions_text=swag, some
ai_suggestions_text=apple, apricot, avocado
history_suggestions_text=car0, swag, some
